# movietrailer
This is the project called movietrailer
In this project we will see many images.By clicking on the images we will see their respected vedios.I done the project takng Indian sedon cars as a topic.
we use programming languages of HTML,CSS,PYTHON,BOOTSTRAP.
1.By using HTML we can design the webpage.
2.By using CSS ewe can enhance the looking of our webpage.
3.By using python we can run our program on server side.
4.By using BOOTSTRAP we can enhance the elements
# Working:
	When you try to execute entertainment.py file 
		i) When we try to execute .py files with the command"python enertainment.py", files with .pyc are generated by default.
		ii) It will redirect to our html page if possible and displays the error if present. 
	1. There are some group of images placed on html page.
	2. When you try to click on particular image ,youtube video will be displayed.
	By using HTML i generated various things on webpage like 
	a) Title and header for the web page
	b) Displaying images of particular mobiles
	c) Some related text
	
By using CSS
	a) Colours for various fields in the html page like headers, text, background  etc.,
	b) Attributes for fonts like size, style, color, weight, family.
	c) Attributes for different subparts of our webpage like border attributes, image attribtutes, attributes for particular tags. 
# Running 
Clone the directory
Navigate to the directory cd repository_name
Run python entertainment_center.py
IDLE:
Open IDLE
In the menu bar click on Run -> Run Module or press F5 on your keyboard
# Requirements
we should have a computer
we should have the basic knowledge of programming languages.
we should have the python 3.6.0 to be installed.
we should know the commands of using command prompt or terminal for running code on server side
# Instuctions
we should run the python files by using idle shell or terminal without any errors.
when we run the main file i.e, entertainment_center.py we can have our project ready..
